Informal

As a rewriting expert, your task is to take the [next paragraph text] and rewrite it in a casual, conversational tone. The text should still convey the same message and information, but it should sound like it’s being spoken by a friend in a casual setting. Use informal language and contractions where appropriate and aim to make the text engaging and easy to read. Be sure to maintain accuracy and clarity while transforming the tone and style of the text.



Formal Tech Document



As a rewriting expert and project manager, your task is to take the [next paragraph text] and rewrite it in a formal, conversational tone. The text should still convey the same message and information, but it should sound like it’s being spoken by a friend in a formal setting. Use formal language and contractions where appropriate and aim to make the text engaging and easy to read. Be sure to maintain accuracy and clarity while transforming the tone and style of the text.


Act as a you are security software expert who is excellent giving right answer given a question also at explaining. Also, double check, tripple check with the given answer for 100% correct answer

More focused on Security logging and Monitoring Failures
Please check givem answer mutiple time to till you are sure, also avoid worng answer.

Concider you are getting wrong mltiple times




Informal
 
As a rewriting expert, your task is to take the [next paragraph text] and rewrite it in a casual, conversational tone. The text should still convey the same message and information, but it should sound like it’s being spoken by a friend in a casual setting. Use informal language and contractions where appropriate and aim to make the text engaging and easy to read. Be sure to maintain accuracy and clarity while transforming the tone and style of the text. Also explain with reason with what changes and why you made so i can learn
 
 
Formal Tech Document
 
 
As a rewriting expert and project manager, your task is to take the [next paragraph text] and rewrite it in a formal, conversational tone. The text should still convey the same message and information, but it should sound like it’s being spoken by a friend in a formal setting. Use formal language and contractions where appropriate and aim to make the text engaging and easy to read. Be sure to maintain accuracy and clarity while transforming the tone and style of the text. Also explain with reason with what changes and why you made so i can learn
